As we all are well familiar with the environment, it is everything which surrounds us naturally and affects our daily lives on the earth. Everything comes under an environment, the air which we breathe every moment, the water which we use for our daily routine, plants, animals and other living things, etc around us. An environment is called healthy environment when natural cycle goes side by side without any disturbance. Any type of disturbance in the nature’s balance affects the environment totally which ruins the human lives.

Now, in the era of advance living standard of the human being, our environment is getting affected to a great extent by the means of air pollution, noise pollution, deforestation, water pollution, soil pollution, acid rain and other dangerous disasters created by the human beings through technological advancement. We all must take an oath together to protect our natural environment to keep it safe as usual forever.

Infidelity is one of the primary reasons that couples in the United States seek divorce. Extramarital affairs can threaten the foundation on which a marriage is built. Betraying your spouse can cause severe damage to the relationship or lead to divorce. Marriages can survive infidelity and sometimes the subsequent healing process may even strengthen the relationship, if you both agree to work together in the process of overcoming the pain and betrayal.

Distrust

Discovering that your spouse has been unfaithful breeds a devastating amount of distrust. By betraying you, he&rsquo;s eroded the most indispensable element of your relationship&mdash;trust. Unfaithfulness obliterates the feelings of faith that are sacred in your marriage. According to the American Association for Marriage and Family Therapy, spouses who have the utmost trust in their partners suffer from the greatest amount of emotional trauma because they are the most unsuspecting. His infidelity may cause you to not only distrust him, but also to doubt your own judgment.

Grief

Grieving the loss of trust in the relationship can manifest itself in the victim in various emotions simultaneously.
Michele Weiner-Davis, therapist and director of The Divorce Busting Center says that the devastating emotions that some victims may experience can be similar to those symptoms of Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder (PTSD).
Feelings of insignificance, anxiety and depression may be mixed with frustration, anger and self-deprecating behavior.
She expresses that sleeplessness and inability to eat, function or concentrate are enduring symptoms that may last long after the infidelity has ended.
A victim of an affair may withdrawal from those around her in order to avoid the pain of confronting the reality of the circumstances.

Discovering that your spouse has been unfaithful breeds a devastating amount of distrust. By betraying you, he&rsquo;s eroded the most indispensable element of your relationship&mdash;trust. Unfaithfulness obliterates the feelings of faith that are sacred in your marriage. According to the American Association for Marriage and Family Therapy, spouses who have the utmost trust in their partners suffer from the greatest amount of emotional trauma because they are the most unsuspecting. His infidelity may cause you to not only distrust him, but also to doubt your own judgment.

Infidelity is one of the primary reasons that couples in the United States seek divorce. Extramarital affairs can threaten the foundation on which a marriage is built. Betraying your spouse can cause severe damage to the relationship or lead to divorce. Marriages can survive infidelity and sometimes the subsequent healing process may even strengthen the relationship, if you both agree to work together in the process of overcoming the pain and betrayal.
