An environment includes all the natural resources which surround us to help in number of ways. It provides us better medium to grow and develop. It gives us all things which we need to live our life on this planet. However, our environment also need some help from all of us to get maintained as usual, to nourish our lives forever and to never ruin our lives. The elements of our environment are declining day by day because of the man made technological disaster.

We need to maintain the originality of our environment to continue the life on the earth, the only place where life is possible till now in the whole universe. World Environment Day is a campaign being celebrated for years every year on 5th of June in order to spread the public awareness all over the world towards the environment safety and cleanliness. We must participate in the campaign celebration to know the theme of celebration, to know ways of saving our environment and to get aware about all the bad habits which declining the environment day by day.

We can save our environment in very easy manner with the little step taken by every person on the earth. We should reduce the amount of waste, throwing wastes properly to its place only, stop using poly bags, reuse some old things in new ways, repair and use broken things instead of throwing it away, see how much it would take to repair them, use rechargeable batteries or renewable alkaline batteries, make use of fluorescent light, rain water conservation, reduce water wastage, energy conservation, minimum use of electricity, etc.

Recovering your marriage after an affair can be extremely challenging when the victim relentlessly recalls the betrayal and demands to know every intimate detail of the circumstances of the infidelity. According to the American Association for Marriage and Family Therapy, common responses of the faithful partner may include: &ldquo;obsessively pondering details of the affair; continuously watching for further signs of betrayal; and physiological hyperarousal, flashbacks and intrusive images.&rdquo; The victim may fixate on discovering the reason for the infidelity and may attempt to change her physical appearance according to what she believes her spouse expects in a partner. Additionally, the innocent spouse can become fixated on knowing the whereabouts of the cheating spouse throughout the day, interrogating him about tardiness, and investigating his phone calls and computer use.
An extramarital affair may lead the faithful partner to seek or regain control in her marriage. She may respond to the circumstances by attempting to retaliate against the cheater so he&rsquo;s able to experience the suffering he&rsquo;s caused her. Psychologist and director of the Center for Progressive Development in Washington, DC, Douglas LaBier says that a woman may seek refuge in an affair because she&rsquo;s been unsuccessful in dealing with the anger she feels towards her husband; instead, she may use infidelity as a way to retaliate against him for ignoring and disregarding her needs.