An environment is gifted by the nature to nourish the life on the earth. Everything which we use to continue our lives comes under the environment such as water, air, sunlight, land, plants, animals, forests and other natural things. Our environment plays a very significant role in making possible the existence of healthy life on the earth. However, our environment is getting worse day by day because of the manmade technological advancement in the modern era. Thus, environmental pollution has become the biggest problem we are facing today.

Environmental pollution is affecting our daily lives negatively in various aspects of life such as socially, physically, economically, emotionally and intellectually. Contamination of the environment brings lots of diseases which human being may suffer whole life. It is not a problem of community or city, it is a worldwide problem which cannot be solved by the effort of one. If it is not addressed properly, it may end the existence of life a day. Each and every common citizen should involve in the environmental safety programme launched by the government.

We should correct our mistakes and selfishness towards our environment to make healthy and safe from the pollution. It is hard to believe but true that only a little positive movements by everyone may bring a huge change in the declining environment. Air and water pollution is leading our health on danger by causing various diseases and disorders. Nothing can be said healthy now a day, as what we eat is already affected by the bad effects of artificial fertilizers which reduces and weakens our body immunity to fight disease causing microorganisms. That’s why, anyone of us can be diseased anytime even after being healthy and happy.

So, it is a major worldwide issue which should be solved by the continuous efforts of everyone. We should participate in the World Environment Day campaign to actively participate in the environment safety event.

Love in all of its manifestations has been the most caroled of subjects. Countless poets, writers, artists, and common people dedicated their entire lives searching for it and expressing it. And, as long as love exists, so do the dramas almost necessarily surrounding this emotion: ancient Greek epics, Shakespeare’s plays, Giuseppe Verdi’s operas, and other sources can provide one with multiple illustrations of this statement. One of the most significant dramas connected to love and romantic relationships is infidelity (once again, let us recall Shakespeare’s Othello). Infidelity, more commonly known as cheating, is a catastrophe for countless couples, married or not, around the world, and is looked down upon by almost any society’s moral foundation. But could it be that infidelity does not mean falling out of love with one’s significant other, as it is usually claimed? Is it always a voluntary choice? Does it necessarily lead to divorce? Let us try to find out the answers.

Perhaps the most frequent question spouses ask their partners that cheated on them is, “Why?” This is an important question indeed. Recent brain research revealed that one of the factors contributing to infidelity might originate from neurology, specifically from neural architecture. All people have brain centers responsible for sex drive, romance, and attachment to a partner. These centers are respectively responsible for the motivation to seek a possible partner for copulation (sex drive); to save an individual’s metabolic energy and time by focusing one’s courtship efforts on the best possible partner (romantic aspect); and to stay with the chosen partner long enough to raise at least one child, or longer (attachment). Interactions between these three centers define our behaviors, thoughts, feelings, and motives when we are in love. Logically, if the balance of influences these centers have on each other shifts towards one of them—specifically, the “sex drive” one—a person might be more prone to seek sexual relationships with more partners than just one (and this does not mean this person does not still love their “primary” partner). As if it was not enough, in 2008, scientists discovered that there could be a gene directly connected to infidelity and pair-bonding behavior. During an experiment, 552 married or co-habiting couples were examined; men carrying the 334 vasopressin allele in a specific region of the vasopressin system demonstrated lesser attachment to their partners, were less satisfied with their marriage, and tended to experience more marital crisis than those who did not bear the allele (TED).
