Nowadays people don't pay much attention to their families. Often they prefer a successful career, travels and much more to starting of family. Is family still important? Can people live without it?
In my opinion, family is the most valuable thing that people have.
Firstly family is the first school a baby enters in this merciless and cruel world. There we get equated with the world around us and receive our first lessons. A newborn child for the first time hears his or her first language, learns to understand and speak it. Relatives help us to take the first small steps. We acquire skills necessary for our live. Also family is responsible for quick and proper physical and mental development of a child. It’s a fact, that kids who have grown up in orphanage, develop slower and often have problems at every turn and twist of their future life.
Secondly family is the most important force that assumes responsibility for character formation. Every family has a set of values that determines our behavior, gives expression to beliefs and gives meaning to our everyday life. Moreover we all inherit some qualities from our relatives. Whatever, we learn from our family over the years. They teach us the value of love, affection and care. Family determines to a large extent the social the social roles that children will perform.
Thirdly, family provides us with tools necessary for getting a success in our life. They help us to building career. Relatives give us valuable knowledge about different career prospectives. Also they help us to choose one’s own path in life, give us financial support. Family’s interests, skills, goals and family's members’ education predetermine our future life. For instance those children who belong to the families which have a rich education background tend to learn more.
Besides, family is a place where you can be yourself, where you are accepted for what\which you are. This is where you are completely tension free and everyone is there to provide comfort, emotional support, nurturing and the warmth of affection and tenderness. Relatives help us to survive through tough times and bring joy and happiness into life. Families bond together make each member feel important and instill trust belief in ourselves. They are ready to help us and to do everything for us.
Finally, Household has a great social importance and makes better society. A perfect family is a good example. She raises a citizen and gives us example of behavior in society. Values and traditions shape the culture of the family and ultimately the culture of the nation. All those create memories and leave a family legacy. It’s way of forming generations.
To sum up I wanted to note that family is the basis society unit which place in important role in the process of a person’s socialization, ap-ubrining character formation.